Download bug fix (#406)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Fixed a bug in the **download** command when file wasn't of content type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in the **download** command when custom content contained not supported content entity.
```
